[Music]
hi I'm Cassie from Vivi's ticket food
and I'm going to show you how to make
our easy fish pie
so I've peeled and halved my potatoes
and pop them in a pan with some cold
water I'm just gonna bring that up to
the boil and simmer them until they're
nice and tender so while they're cooking
I'm gonna get on with the pie filling
I'm first we're going to make a roux
which will thicken our white sauce so
that's just a combination of butter and
flour and today I'm going to add some
spring onions as well
now just stir that around the pan until
the butter is melted and combined with
the flour okay so when that all comes
together we're ready to add the milk so
just add this bit by bit stirring in
between each dish in until you get a
nice smooth sauce
[Music]
okay so that's lovely and smooth and all
the milks been incorporated so I'm ready
to add the rest of our ingredients so
I've got some Dijon mustard
and a handful of cheddar cheese make
sure you save some back for the topping
then our lovely mixture of fish now just
stir all of those bits into the sauce
and then add the chives and the frozen
peas and sweet corn
[Music]
so just season the filling with some
black pepper
so the fillings all done I'm just gonna
set that aside while I mash the potatoes
okay I've drained the potatoes so ready
to mash them just tip them back into the
pan and add some butter and a splash of
milk then just season with some salt and
pepper and mash it until it's lovely and
smooth okay that looks great it's now
we're ready to assemble the pie so just
tip your filling into a big oven proof
dish
and just top that with your mashed
potato now to smooth that out to
completely cover the top of the pie then
just finish the top with some more
cheddar
[Music]
now that's ready to go in our preheated
oven for about 20 to 25 minutes until
it's lovely and golden brown on top
[Music]
there you have it that's how you make
our easy fish pie
[Music]